Hi.
I'm Bob Bailey, a Learning
Specialist with Brightcove.
In this video, you'll
learn about Smart Players
and how to easily publish videos
to desktop and mobile devices.
The consumption of video
content on mobile devices
is expected to surpass
that of desktop devices
in the next few years.
Every publisher wants to
make sure their videos can
be accessed from mobile devices.
Delivering video
on the mobile web
is a challenging,
technical problem.
Not all mobile devices
support the Flash player,
such as the iPhone and iPad.
Brightcove is working hard
to eliminate this complexity
for our publishers to make
sure you can serve videos
to your whole audience on both
desktop and mobile devices.
Thanks to Brightcove
Smart Players,
you can continue to publish
your video as you always have.
With Smart Players,
your video will
be delivered in Flash
or HTML5 depending
on your viewer's
device capabilities.
This enables you to use a
single Brightcove player that
can deliver video
in Flash or HTML5,
so you don't have
to create and manage
separate players for
each viewer environment,
and your existing
players can automatically
load in Flash or HTML5 mode
without any custom work
or additional
JavaScript on your part.
In this demonstration, I've
created a simple player
in Video Cloud
Studio and generated
the JavaScript publishing code.
Notice when I view the player
on a desktop machine with Flash
installed, I get the Flash-based
version of the player.
When I view the video on an
iPad, I get the HTML5 player.
Brightcove also offers
a Smart Player API,
which allows you to create
custom solutions in JavaScript
that work with both
Flash and HTML5 players.
The Smart Player API exposes
objects, methods, events,
and types for coding
additional functionality
for your Video
Cloud Smart Players.
For more information on
Brightcove Smart Players,
visit support.brightcove.com.